{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset0 MS Gothic;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 author;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs20 \snext38 verbatim;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 List;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was analysis-mec-qualitative.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.3.17 r1261 (released March 28, 2018) on Tue Feb 19 10:10:06 2019
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs20\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 {\*\bkmkstart BM42}1{\*\bkmkend BM42}  Qualitative and Operational Analysis\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 1.1  Facts and Data\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 Summary of facts and data concerning operational and overall plan reliability is presented in this subsection.\par
\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 1.1.1  Normal Operation Scenario\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
6 booster pumps are available but only 5 are in operation. The booster pumps deliver to the Cavite side of the distribution system including parts of Pasay. Distribution pipe size is 1400mm. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
A separate system for the Reclamation Area is supplied by the storage pumps. The line size is 700mm. Only one storage pump is required for the Reclamation Area distribution system. The other pump serves as standby. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
At 10pm-12mn, the MOV to the Reclamation Area distribution system is closed and the 2 storage pumps are used to refill the 2 storage tanks. During this period, the individual consumers are using their own stored water supply for internal use. Normal operations resumes at 12mn.\par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb220 \fi0 1.1.2  High Demand Scenario\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
all 6 booster pumps are in operation \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 1.1.3  Low Demand Scenario\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
only 5 booster pumps are running \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 1.1.4  Spares Policy\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
The booster pumps do not have a spare during high demand scenario. If 1 pump will be under maintenance during this period, there will be a drop in pressure and some of the consumers in the outermost section of the distribution system will experience low pressure or will not get any water. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
The storage pumps also do not have a spare during the refilling phase. If a failure of one of the storage pumps occurs, the refilling duration will be much longer to complete. \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 1.1.5  Emergency Situation (loss of electrical power from Meralco)\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Immediately after the power is cut, one of the 2 gensets automatically start and makes electric power available for the booster and/or supply pumps. The operator resets all the pumps before restarting each manually. This may take between 60 seconds to 5 minutes before all the pumps provide enough pressure/flow to the system. \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 1.1.6  Maintenance\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
There is no structured maintenance program in the facilities. The operator makes rounds of the pumps and if something unusual is observed, a text or email is sent to the Control Center for scheduling of maintenance check and repairs. \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
There is also a maintenance team visiting the site regularly with specific lists of tasks and responsibilities. \par
}\pard\plain\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 1.1.7  Others\par
{\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Water Leakages are found in the engineering room during rains. \par
}\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 1.2  Recommendations\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 In order to ensure the PS to provide adequate level of services around the clock, it is important to establish a good operational scheme that allows optimization of utilization of pumps to reduce breakdown and conserve energy. A summary of major recommendations to be considered are {\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Adding an additional booster pump to improve the overall reliability, particularly for the major distribution line (1\rquote 400mm). This additional pump will allows switching of pump usage, for instance, with one pump undergoing major repairs, the arrangement will not allow for another pump to fail, otherwise, there will be a major in pressure with only 5 booster pumps running during peak demands; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Adding an additional storage pump to increase the reliability of the reclamation area distribution system (700 mm line); \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Establish a scheme to consider a dedicated duty and a dedicated spare set-up for the pumps. If this is not acceptable, then consider doing a much longer switch of the storage pumps. Currently, it is being switched daily to supply 700mm distribution system. This allows for almost an equal rate of deterioration between the two pumps and if one pump fails due to age-related component failure, the other one is close to a similar failure which may occur before the first pump is fully repaired. It is suggested that the switch happen once a month or even every 3 months; \par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
In place of the longer switching cycle (e.g. every 3 months), there should be a corresponding maintenance program for the standby pump for both booster and storage;\par
\pard\plain\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb50 \li600\fi-300 \bullet\tab
Develop a more structured discipline in applying routine maintenance work process to ensure that maintenance tasks are given the proper priority in terms of mitigation measures and avoid unplanned shutdown of critical pumps in operation. \par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi300 Aside from the above recommendations, we also generate a list of recommendations based on the RCM methodology. The list shall be considered as a living program, which requires continuously improvement as part of the total quality management system (refer to Deming cycle presented in GHD\rquote s technical proposal).\par
}}
